---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-06 20:00:00-0400
title: Week 7 Announcements
titleheader: Week 7 Announcements
showtitle: true
inline: true
description: Week 7 preview and course status.
---



## Week 7 - Live Session

For the Live Session on Monday June 21, 2021 we met and discussed questions people have about the test or and previous content. The session will be available on YouTube as unlisted at this link, once it's done processing:

- https://youtu.be/aEemFOUuleA



## Test 1 This Week (June 22-24)

Topics to be covered will be everything from Part 1 of the course, **Week 1-4**. 

**Topics: ** Types of Data, Data Cleaning, Probabilities, Parameter Estimation (Bias, Logistic Regression, MLE, MAP), kNN, Experimental Methodology Train/Test/Validate, Distances and Error Measures, Ablations, Hypoth Test, Decision Trees, Batch Ensemble Methods.

## Test 1

*See `LEARN/Content/Tests/Test1` for more this and other information.*

**Scope:** Content from live lectures and self-study videos from *weeks 1 - 4* inclusive.

**Topics:** Types of Data, Data Cleaning, Probabilities, Parameter Estimation (Bias, Logistic Regression, MLE, MAP), kNN, Experimental Methodology Train/Test/Validate, Distances and Error Measures, Ablations, Hypoth Test, Decision Trees, Batch Ensemble Methods.

**Access:** An announcement will be sent out tonight with details and links. The test link will be available in LEARN under `LEARN/Content/Tests/Test1`.

**Question Types:**

- True/False (possibly with a short one-sentence explanation)
- Multiple Choice: choose the right answer (or best answer) out of 4-5 choices
- Data/Output/Algorithm Matching:
  - given a visualization of a dataset and the resulting classification pattern of an algorithm, identify the algorithm that was used
  - or distinguish the parameters of that algorithm from a set of choices
- Derivation of an MLE/MAP estimator:
  - (type in math and text or write out on paper and post images up)
  - given a described classification problem
  - given the relevant distributions, and being told which parameters are known and unknown
  - Derive the MLE estimator in closed form (if possible), or to a compact formulation if closed form is not possible.
  - Derive the MAP estimator in closed form (if possible), or to a compact formulation if closed form is not possible.
  - NOTE: for this question, you will have an example posted onto LEARN, and there will also be a question on assignment 2 to practice on beforehand (as well as endless websites online with more examples of this very standard technique)

## Lectures to watch this week

See the **Week 7** section in *Content* for detailed information about the topics for Week 7 on Support Vector Machines for Classification and introducing the idea of Clustering. 

These topics will be useful in test 2 and can be used in the assignments.

