---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-07 11:42:00-0400
Title: Course Welcome
inline: true
---

Hello class!
I hope you had a restful holiday and that you are your family are healthy and well.

## TL;DR - Some Course Info and What you can do right now

1. You good? good. Classes start Monday.
1. Please fill out [this short survey](https://forms.gle/3aczS5UCS88jxNr86) right away to help us plan content focus and schedule.
1. If you haven’t programmed in Python before, start reading about it, setting up an environment or taking some tutorials.
1. Set up an account on Kaggle which we’ll be using for some of the assignments. This is a great way to practice Python since there are many existing competitions and solutions on it already.

## Welcome to DKMA!

Hello all,
Spring term is about to start next week and I wanted to give you some initial information and get some from you as well to help us plan this course. Hopefully everyone is well-rested and has a good studying environment. This term will be a lot of work, but I hope we can make this term fun as well as educational for everyone.

### Task 1

The first thing I’d like everyone to do is a take couple of minutes and fill out the google form here with some questions about your timezone, your subject background and if you have any burning questions or concerns:

- https://forms.gle/3aczS5UCS88jxNr86

### Task 2

Come to *Lecture 1* this *Monday 9:30am-11am ET*. You'll get a chance to meet everyone and get a course overview. For this course all lectures will be online and most of the lectures from last term will be reused, so you can usually view them ahead of time whenever you want as well as the slides which will be made available on GitHub soon.

### Going Forward

On Monday I’ll send out some initial plans for the course schedule over the term of assignments and topics and talk about this in lecture. For more information, this website contains core content such as core concepts, topics and grade breakdown will be similar with some small changes. 

*Note: the website is still being updated, so some material is for the previous Winter 2021 term.* 

In terms of preparation, these topics have many resources online, including the ones listed on the website. But there is no required textbook for the course, but [there is some content to read that is useful](/DKMA/reading), all the content you need to know will be provided as tutorial notes and slides or assigned reading.



#### Planned Weekly Schedule:

- **Mondays 9:30am- 11:00 am** - The *weekly lecture* slot on Mondays will be used for discussion of the self-study material from the previous week, additional questions and exercises and general discussion.
- **Fridays 10:00am - 11:am** - Regular bookable one-on-one meeting slots with the professor, bookable via doodle. Additional hours could be created if there is a need.
- **TA office hours** - to be determined (some times on Tuesday-Thursdays)

