---
layout: post
date: 2021-07-05 14:00:00-0400
title: Week 9 Announcements
titleheader: Week 9 Announcements
showtitle: true
inline: true
description: Week 9 announcements, topic preview and course status.
---



## Week 9 - Live Session

In [this week's live session](https://youtu.be/1QHd4fpNz8A) we discussed Assignment 2 and Test 2 schedule, questions about aspects of assignment 2 and how to answer the questions. We also talk about the Dunn Index measure for evaluating clusters and the effect place of activation functions in neural network optimization via gradient descent.

## Lectures to watch this week

See the **Week 9** section in *Content* for detailed information about the topics for Week 9 with an Introduction to Neural Networks and Deep Learning Fundamentals.



## Assignment 2 

See piazza post [@119](https://piazza.com/class/kogm4t31x5e4pj?cid=119) for a discussion of LDA and plotting the summary is that you do not need to do a 2D LDA plot.  You can just use the features directly.

**Due date extension** - since many people have conflicting assignment and travel constraints we'll add  another week for asg 2. **Assignment 2 is now due July 18.** 

## Tests

There has been a [number of requests](https://piazza.com/class/kogm4t31x5e4pj?cid=124) to move the test another week back. There is a pair of polls on piazza to help me find the best way to adjust them for the most people.

[Poll 1](https://piazza.com/class/kogm4t31x5e4pj?cid=126):

- Merge test 2 and 3, in terms of content and grade weighting, have the test in final week of classes Aug 3-5

[Poll 2](https://piazza.com/class/kogm4t31x5e4pj?cid=127):

- Keep everything the same as currently planned: test 2 July 13-15, test 3 Aug 3-5
- Move test 2 to July 20-22 but keep test 3 on Aug 3-5 as planned
- Move test 2 to July 20-22 and move test 3 to Aug 10-12 (note that asg 3 would still be due Aug to since is needed to grade it)

## Grades for Asg I and Test 1

Apologies for the delay, we are working on it.

## Kaggle for Asg 2

Coming soon.