---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-17 13:00:00-0400
title: Week 1 Review - Live Session
titleheader: Week 1 Review - Live Session
showtitle: true
inline: true
description: Agenda and Notes from Live Session on May 17, reviewing Week 1 topics.
---



| **Course:** ECE 657A - Spring 2021 | Instructor: Mark Crowley  |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| **Date:** May 17, 2021              | **Time:** 11:30am-12:50pm |





## YouTube edited version: ##

The Live Session discussion has been added as three short videos to the [Week 1 Self Study Lectures](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLCILw_sLfhbP5QfvNdBTqjI1VBLslQiVf) YouTube playlist.

### Part 1

- Course Admin
- Class Poll Results and Discussion
- Assignment 1
### Part 2 - Questions and Discussion

- When will you use the Jaccard coefficient and when will you use the dot product
- Distance : Distance Matrices, Distance Metrics, Minkowski, Euclidean, Pythagoras, etc, etc....
### Part 3 - Questions and Discussion

- Distance Measures : General Interpretation
- What is Kurtosis? Really?
- What is a moment in central tendency?
- Regarding the conversion of ordinal data type to interval data type. How do we assign/decide the rank number?



## Course Plan

- Detailed course schedule will come out soon.
  - [Check the outline for more info](https://compthinking.github.io/DKMA/outline/)
  - Note that the bookable one-on-one office hours have been moved to the Thursday 11:30-1pm time slot on weeks where it isn't being used for lecture.
- Assignment 1 will be released in a couple days and be due Friday June 4, 2021. 
  - **Groups** : assignments can be done alone or in pairs. These will be set up on LEARN to join, submission will be via Crowdmark as a pdf. 
  - **Submission:** way is to work in a python Jupiter notebook, show code snippets, plots and text. Then convert that to a pdf. Split pdf into one document per question and drag it into Crowdmark.
- **May 24 holiday (Victoria Day):**
  - BBQ holiday! Fireworks (Sunday, Monday)
  - Live Session moved to Thursday (11:30am-12:50pm)











