---
layout: post
date: 2021-06-06 20:00:00-0400
title: Week 5 Announcements
titleheader: Week 5 Announcements
showtitle: true
inline: true
description: Week 5 preview and course status.
---



## Week 5 - Live Session

For the Live Session on Monday June 7, 2021 we will meet and discuss any questions people have about the assignment, or any previous content, with a particular focus on Week 4 lectures. 

For new questions about content, assignments or other aspects of the course, please post your question on the Piazza Live Q&A that will start half an hour before the live session.
This should allow everyone to see the question and response and for you to vote up important questions to make sure we don't miss anything.
For small clarifications, responses to my questions in class or other communication you can use the in-classroom chat.

**Zoom!**: Several people have asked for this, so we'll try it out and see if it is easier to view during and afterwards. The zoom link is in the calendar entry on Learn, or can be entered by clicking here. 

**Join Zoom Meeting**
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89474988941?pwd=M3RCc0piL3pGZlZvTkl6Nm9lNTM1QT09

**Meeting ID:** 894 7498 8941
Passcode: DKMA



## Assignment 1 Was Due Yesterday

- Looks like most people submitted it.
- If you have not submitted it please do so today.
- If you have personal life/health issues causing the delay, let me know.



## Test 1 Next Week (June 15-18)

Topics to be covered will be everything from Part 1 of the course, Week 1-4. 

**Topics: ** Types of Data, Data Cleaning, Probabilities, Parameter Estimation (Bias, Logistic Regression, MLE, MAP), kNN, Experimental Methodology Train/Test/Validate, Distances and Error Measures, Ablations, Hypoth Test, Decision Trees, Batch Ensemble Methods.



Recent Updates:

- See the new [Calendar](/DKMA/calendar/) page for updated (and up-to-date) calendar of topics, videos, assignments and tests.

## Lectures to watch this week

See the **Week 5** section in *Content* for detailed information about the topics for Week 5. This is the start of **Part 2** of the course, so these topics will be on Assignment 2 and Test 2. 

